1-Open the baseball_100 data set. The dataset contains statistics for batters who have at least 100 at bats. We are interested in investigating whether there is a
linear relationship between the number of times a player has been caught stealing bases and the number of stolen bases the player has.
1. Construct a scatter plot with ‘caught’ as the response. Is there evidence of a linear relationship? 
2. Based on the scatter plot, is a transformation to linearity called for? Why or why not?
3. Do not perform any transformation. Perform the regression of the number of times a player has been caught stealing bases versus the number of stolen bases the
player has.
4. Analyze the results. How good is the model? Why?
5. What is the confidence interval for predicting the number of times a player is caught stealing bases given his number of stolen bases? 
6. What is the confidence interval for predicting the average number of times a player is caught stealing given his number of stolen bases? 
7. What are the top 5 influential points?
8. What are the top 5 high leverage points?

2-Use the “cereal_ds” dataset and the following predictors to build the models listed below. For each part, fit your final model and show the results. 
Predictors: 'sugars’, 'fat', 'fiber', 'weight', 'vitamins', 'cups' 
 Models:
a) Build the best simple regression model you can for the purposes of predicting ‘rating’ using only one of the predictors. Why did you choose this model?
b) Build the best regression model you can by adding another (only one) predictor to the above (part a) model. Why did you choose this model?
c) Build the best regression model you can for the purposes of predicting rating by using all the predictors. Don’t worry about whether or not the predictor
coefficients are significant.
d) Build the best regression model you can by eliminating one of the predictors from the above model. Why did you choose this model?
e) Build the best regression model you can using the predictors and the ‘shelf’ variable. Is ‘shelf’ a good predictor of ‘rating’? Interpret the results.
